All right, so next, what are we going to be doing is we're going to add another function of functionality,
I should say, where users are going to be able to save to favorites, certain CDs.
So for instance, if users go and search for San Diego, you will see to the left top left.
There is that heart, that icon there, which signifies that they can click on that icon and then save,
of course, that in this case, San Diego to our favorite cities, which is going to be in a different
screen.
OK.
And later, when they click on our more icon action icon, there they can see about settings and favorites
and so forth.
They click on favorites.
They're going to see, of course, our favorite cities are going to see they're going to be taken to
the favorite cities or favorite screen where you can see all of their favorite screens.
All right.
All of the favorite CDs they have saved.
And of course, at that point, they can delete if they wish to do so and so forth.
And the great thing about our favorite is that when they click on each one of the favorites like, let's
say, concordant, for instance, they'll take him back to main screen and show all the data pertaining
to Concord in this case and all the forecast.
OK, so this is the structure we're going to be using or we're going to be creating now for that.
Obviously, we'll have to save this data.
The CDC somewhere.
Right.
This is where we're going to use the room database right now.
Room database, as I said before, is a structure is a layer that was created to abstract out all of
the complexities that comes with creating databases in Android.
So as I said, it's a cumbersome process.
And so with the room database, we no longer have to suffer, quote unquote, when it comes to creating
databases and saving and doing all sorts of things.
So and on top of that, we're going to use a structure, a a an architecture that will help us in the
long run.
And I would like to invite you to always think of this terms and I may be repeating myself, but I think
it's also important to rehash this concept, which is to create a structure and architecture that is
clean and easy to use for future additions or future things that you do as your apps grow.
What I mean by that is as follows We're going to follow this structure as you see here in this diagram,
when we create our own, their basal room database is going to be at the lower level.
If you look at this diagram and within the room database, we're going to have access to the sequel,
right?
Which is actual database, right?
So this is the abstraction in a single light.
That's where our entities in this case, tables or table in this case is going to have one table.
That's where all of that is right now.
We see here at the bottom, we have this Dow Dow stands for data access.
Objects, essentially is an interface that allows to connect directly with its sequel Light that events
like this.
So it's the lower level, if you will.
So all of that is abstract out inside of a room database interface.
So to manage local data, we're going to use SQL like data source and use that data access object to
get the data and then expose that and to top to our repository repositories is another way for us to
have a single source of truth for all app data, right?
We call this clean API for UI to communicate with in this case repository.
It's not necessary in the grand scheme of things, but it's an important layer per se in this architecture
that we, if we need to have data coming from other places, all is dealt with in our repository.
OK.
And one level up, we're going to have the view model.
And if you want, all can have mutable state life data flows doesn't matter or the structure that we're
going to be using to make our data life, if you will.
But the idea is that we have this view model, which also is going to hold all of the data needed for
the user interface.
So this interface is actually going to react to the data that we get through with your model.
OK, so this live data is just a a a type of data, but could be flow mutable state, it doesn't matter.
Right?
So that is what is going to notify the UI because the UI is going to be observing the life data in this
case or mutable state or flow to say, OK, we have data data exchange, then show it in our user interface.
And a type, of course, is the UI controller activity fragment.
In this case, it's going to be a composable function.
Right.
So the composable function will react, react to the data that is received and display the information
as needed.
So that is the architecture that you should always think in using should always think in these terms
because it separates everything into different layers and it's much easier to debug it, much easier
to extend as you application, get more complicated, you need more and it's easier to deal with this
whole room database concept here.
So this is what we're going to be following in the next videos so that we have our own database working.
Let's go ahead and get started.